Recruiting Day: Google and Yahoo
Published on September 27, 2007.
So in a strange turn of events, both Google and Yahoo were at the University of Michigan today, trying to get engineers to apply for jobs and internships.
This is in addition to the Google talk I went to yesterday.
The Google thing was sort of a meet and greet type of deal.
I talked to a few people about getting internships.
They gave me a tip: find someone on the inside to search for internships in a particular group, and have then forward your resume.
Luckily, I have a pal from my undergrad years that will probably be willing to do this.
To make up for me not getting a real prize last night, I got a $50 gift certificate for the Google Store .
NICE! As usual, Google had some free food, so I got a bagel and orange juice.
I sorta stayed at the Google thing for too long (The Google thing started at 12 and Yahoo at 1) so I basically missed all of Yahoo’s thing.
I did ask a question, though!
I asked the dude to describe the sort of hierarchy at Yahoo, as a bottom-up or top-down organization, and specifically what they do to encourage creativity.
What I got was quite a bit of skirting around the issues, and not an answer to my actual question.
Basically, I wanted to know if Yahoo has the same kind of culture that nurtures creativity like Google.
And apparently they don’t.
To be fair, the person I asked was a director of search and engineering.
Way too high up to really understand what the code monkeys think.
But in not answering my question, I think he answered it.
Oh, and I got a notebook and pen from the Yahoo thing.
That was like the most impressive thing about Yahoo.
I mean, I’d still consider interning there.
But their recruiting efforts need to be a lot better than this.
They did give away two iPod Nanos in the course of today, but I got neither.
Maybe that’s why I’m unimpressed…
After that, I had a few classes.
But I semi-reluctantly decided to go to a Google talk at 4: instead of my Networks lab.
I know, ditching class to see a lecture… But the lecture hall was too full!
So I just sat outside and tried listening to the lecture from outside the hall (there was a tv and the sound inside was being fed out with speakers).
It didn’t work too well, though.
Then, I was really hungry.
And ready for more free food.
So I went to the Yahoo thing (a sort of repeat) at 5:30.
This one had free pizza.
The actual presentation was quite boring (by the same dude), but the end had free shirts and I also got a rubik’s cube.
So in the end, my opinion of Google is about the same, and my opinion of Yahoo is actually slightly lower.
I don’t have a thing against the underdog, but they’re the underdog for a reason.
Yahoo had tons of market share before Google even existed.
And after Google, Yahoo’s been embarrassed on many, many fronts.
Oh, and the final shwag talley for the past 2 days is: Many Google pins (some say “I’m Feeling Lucky” and some say “Google” among other things), a white Google shirt, a $50 gift certificate for the Google Store, a notepad and pen from Yahoo, another light up pen from Yahoo, a Yahoo Rubik’s cube, and a Yahoo shirt.
Not too bad if you ask me.